Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, you will know not to use the bottom --, but before then, what we can do is we
can use control and beat to make this wide.
And then within the scaffold, the scaffold has a property which is known as bottom sheds.
Okay.
And we are going to have three main widgets or four main widgets over here, and they're going to be
displayed horizontally, that is from left to right.
So for this purpose, we are going to be using a row widgets.
And as you know, the row can take multiple widgets.
Okay.
The first child is going to be a test results, which is going to say to.
We can add this to it and give it space and then had a backslash in the to use the dollar sign.
The last sign side had they turned the corner and is culture and has to save.
And you're going to see it over here.
We can have this tie to this test style.
Start, we can increase the font size to 17 this year and that's to save.
Okay.
And.
We can then have another test which ends before then.
We need it to come out of here and we're going to have another test with that, which is going to be
for the amount and for the now we can say zero dot.
We can use this 00.00 and how this tie.
Test STI.
And we can.
Just change the color to colors that may be red or.
Read or maybe see or sign whatever you call it.
Okay.
And we can also increase the font size to maybe 710.
So it's going to be equal to that of this.
Okay.
Great.
And the last widget we need is going to be a button, which is going to be for the checkout button.
To do this, we have to come out from the test, right?
Okay.
And we're going to use that.
Matt, Syria.
But thin material person.
Okay on first.
And.
Child.
This is going to be a test with jazz, and we can just use a capital letter which is going to say check
outs in order to come over there.
It said via OC.
Instead of wrapping this with a a matte Syria, we can just wrap this with a container, right?
Just as we have to go as streamlined in order to use the border radius.
Okay, wrap weeds container.
And we can give this container a height that is out.
Or how long is going to be.
We can give it a height of maybe 40.
Or probably we can just go with 35 and we can specify how wide we want this button to be.
And we can just get the width of our screen by saying media, media, query of context, the size,
the tweet.
So by doing this, so to size the tweet, by doing this, we have the width of our screen.
So what we can then do, we can test it by zero.
That's four zero.
That's five.
That is 45%.
The case controller.
And as to save.
Okay.
We can't really see this because we have also have to give a color to the button that is the background,
right?
To do that, we have to use the decoration in order to have access to other purposes like border radius.
If not, we can just go ahead and have the color this way.
Okay.
So decoration and box decoration.
So.
Books.
Decoration.
The Christian and for the color we can say colors the black.
And our digital cover and go check this out.
Okay.
And what we have to do, we are going to have this tie to this and test style.
And we can change the color to colors that.
That's why it's.
Okay.
Okay, great.
And we can make this have a rounded shape to do that.
The Border Declaration has the border with U.S. property, and we can then say border radius.
Dot.
Secular of 25.
We want it to be very, very round.
25.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can take this over here.
Okay.
We can't go to the RO.
And we can then say main --.
Sorry.
Via.
We can then say assess alignment, may assess alignment.
This is going to be me as this other man.
We can just try this space equally.
And see I was going to look like.
Maybe this is okay.
Well, we could just say.
Space.
The space evenly will basically give it more space.
You can see the space we have of the same as the space we have of a similar space.
We have a nearby problem.
Probably you can just go with this.
And we could also just say space between.
Okay.
You can see now, and maybe we can then wrap this with a pardon to have some breathing space over each
age, maybe ten or 15, and go check it out.
Okay.
Seems good.
So now we have padding at the left, top, bottom right in all sides.
So I think this is okay and maybe we could just increase or make this test board.
Okay.
We can then say font.
With foreign tweets.
Funds with the port and for.
The prize, that is for the actual amount we can use as property, not as little as percent to have
some space between each litre and we can save it before.
And check this out.
Okay.
See?
Sounds good, right?
And maybe for the tutor as well.
We can have the latest episode and we can then set maybe this the theory.
To have some space between each test.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.